c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\IdentityProvider.dll.config
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\IdentityProvider.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\IdentityProvider.pdb
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\Thinktecture.IdentityModel.Core.pdb
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\obj\Debug\IdentityProvider.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\obj\Debug\IdentityProvider.dll
c:\users\daipayan.t\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ApplicationHub\IdentityProvider\obj\Debug\IdentityProvider.pdb
